docs: add how-to on SQL functions and tidy up (#175)
canonical/sqlair: docs/tutorial/tutorial.md

```
You have all the orders. Congratulations! You have learnt the basics of SQLair!

```{admonition} See more
:class: tip
[`Query.GetAll`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/canonical/sqlair#Query.GetAll)
```

## Tear things down

> Getting rid of the tutorial is as simple as deleting the directory! No further

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore your machine to the state it had before you started this tutorial, simply delete the directory. No further
```
